Documentation and Nightly CI Followup (#8579)
solo-io/gloo: devel/tools/README.md

> # Developer Tools

Reviewer: This is really helpful, thanks!

Just one nit: would it be possible to link to this document from [here](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/blob/documentation-and-ci-followup/devel/contributing/pull-requests.md#include-a-changelog-entry)? Something like "you can use the `changelog.sh` script to generate a changelog template for submission"

Reviewer: Thanks! Generally, I search for things like this from either the public documentation or the github contribution section, so having it in either place (or ideally both!) is more than enough in my opinion.

A set of scripts and tools that are intended to aid in the development of Gloo Edge. 

_Tools that aid in the maintenance of a Gloo Edge installation should be built into the [CLI](/projects/gloo/cli)_

### Changelog Creation

Each PR requires a changelog, but creating the format for the changelog and identifying the proper directory to place it can be time-consuming. This tools aims to alleviate that pain. With the following script, an empty changelog will be created:

```bash
bash devel/tools/changelog.sh
```

> **The directory where this is placed is based on the previous release. As a result, if you are crossing minor release boundaries, this may be innacurate**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**The directory where this is placed is based on the previous release. As a result, if you are crossing minor release boundaries, this may be inaccurate and need to be manually adjusted.**
```

> # Developer Tools

Reviewer: I think this README belongs in `devel` and not `devel/tools`, no?

Reviewer: The main reason I say this is because `contributing`, `debugging`, etc. are in the `devel` directory, not `devel/tools`. Perhaps that section belongs in a directory above and the "Changelong creation tool" section belongs in this directory where it currently stands?

Author: good call! Just pushed an update that should address this

Find tools and information to help you develop the Gloo Edge project.

* `contributing`: Information to help you contribute to the project, such as how to open issues, review pull requests, generate code, and backport fixes.
* `debugging`: Troubleshooting steps for debugging frequent issues. 
* `testing`: Descriptions on how the tests work and how to use them.
* `tools`: A set of scripts and tools that are intended to help you develop the Gloo Edge project's codebase. Learn more about these tools in the short descriptions later in this readme.

> _**Note**: For tools that help maintain an installation of Gloo Edge (the product, not the project codebase), build those tools into the [CLI](/projects/gloo/cli) instead._ 

Reviewer 2: does this link work? does it need to be a relative link from current dir?

Author: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#relative-links

```
Links starting with / will be relative to the repository root. You can use all relative link operands, such as ./ and ../.
```
